Online Madden Tournament tracker

Must be a web application

You can choose the language

You can choose the storage mechanism (database, XML, nosql, etc…)

Must be accessible for me to grade as your progress

Both the source code and the running application

Let me know if you need a development environment and I’ll get one set up for you in the IA Lab – most likely a .NET/SQL server environment if you have me do it

Consider using github for version control and publishing

Make sure you include directions for configuration/installation/use

Comments are your friends! 

You will have TONS of supporting documentation. (Yes, there’s much more to programming than writing code!)

User creates a profile to log in with

Name (first & last)

Username (DSU email)

Twitter handle (optional)

Profile picture (optional)

Anything else you’d like to include

Administrator accounts can do everything (create, edit, delete) in the application.

There can be several tournaments going at once

The app should assign a tournament ID that can be used to reference the tournament in email and twitter updates

A user can pick what tournament to sign up for

Each tournament should have certain properties

Quarter length in minutes (5, 10, or 15)

Difficulty level (pro, all-pro, etc..)

Etc..

Each tournament should have defined dates for sign-up (date/time for open & close of sign-up)

Each tournament should have defined dates for each round of play (date/time for round open & round close)

All un-played tournament games should have a winner randomly picked between the two teams.

Make sure to indicate the game was simulated

Make sure to update the bracket accordingly

Before starting tournament play:

Each user should be assigned a random NFL team

Each user should be assigned a random spot on the bracket

If not all teams are claimed, the computer should be assigned to the open teams

The application should send out email and twitter updates to all players when:

Tournament is available to sign up for

Tournament is full of teams

Current round is open for play

Current round is over in 24 hours

Tournament is done (results)

Must handle tournament play

Single elimination

Create and populate a bracket like the one below where there are 4 “regions” that all progress towards the middle of the bracket.

You don’t need to name the regions – the idea here is for the appearance and functionality of the bracket.

After each game, the team on the top of the matchup must enter the score.

When playing the computer, the human player needs to enter the score.

The high scoring team advances to the next round of the tournament.
